#How does the web work?

1. Describe what the internet is?
  Pre: The internet is a network of nodes upon which packets of information are transmitted to be viewed on a user's computer.
  Post: 
  
2. Describe what packets are and how they are used to transfer data?
  Pre: packets are small "chunks" of data that can be verified at the both ends to ensure that a complete webpage/set of code has been            transmitted. 
  Post:
  
 3. Understand the differences between a webpage, web server, web browser and search engine.
  pre: 
     webpage-->the rendered html/css and javascript functionality tha the user sees.
     webserver-->a server on which the necessary files to create a webpage are stored.
     web browser-->a program that most importantly contains a html parser and javascript engine which allows pages to be viewed and       functional
     search engine-->utilizes worms to scan webpages and index them so that they can be easily found by users
  Post:
    webserver-->a server on which a webpages files are stored or hosted.
     
4. What is the client?
  Pre: the client is the end user. So, when we say client side programming we are talking about programs that are executed on the users computer
  Post:
  
5. What is a server?
  Pre: a server is a non-local computer that is used to store and execute programs. For example, when we type in a webpage name we are sending a request to the DNS server which stores the actual address for the website. Then we send a request to that server in order to get the webpage 
  Post: 
  
6. Explain what DNs servers are?
  Pre: DNS stands for Domain Name Servers and are servers that store the actual IP addresses of websites
  Post: 
  
7. What happens when you run a search on Google.com
  Pre: When I run a search on Google I am searching through the websites that the Google worm has indexed for sites that match the name or topic that I have entered. Google returns the results as a Link with a short description of the webpage.
  
  
I am fairly confident with the answers that I gave.
    
## Command Line

1. What is a command line?
    Pre: A command line is a tool that allows you to issue instructions to your computer such as launching or downloading programs and navigating the file system
2. I am going to use GitPod's command line but hopefully today or tomorrow I will have one my chromebook which will be awesome.
